Support CACHE command in Earthfiles (#1514)
earthly/earthly: examples/cache-command/README.md

### Reduced Repeatability

Since the target uses a local cache, it can perform differently on different machines. For example, it may work differently on your local machine than it might on your CI or a colleage's machine.

Consider a situation where a dependency has been removed from a registry such as NPM. Although unlikely, this could result in a build that works on a machine that already has it cached, but on another machine the build may consistently fail.

A worse situation may occur if a build tool doesn't ignore a cached dependency that was removed from a manifest file (e.g. `pom.xml`, `package.json`, `build.gradle`). In such a case, a build  could behave differently (or break) on another machine if it unintentionally uses a cached dependency that should be removed.

## More Detailed Examples

Some fully functional example projects are contained within subdirectories to demonstrate the CACHE command in more detail. 

Take a look at the Earthfiles in these examples to see how they work. 

> Feel free to reach out via Github Issue or on our [Community Slack channel](https://join.slack.com/t/earthlycommunity/shared_invite/zt-n5vw7fw6-7inWcey3_UNkx0FOm3bQBA) if you have any questions or ideas. Thanks for using Earthly!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to reach out via Github Issue or on our [Community Slack channel](https://earthly.dev/slack) if you have any questions or ideas. Thanks for using Earthly!
```
